README.md, before:

# Will's Coding Quiz Challenge

## Description

Will's Coding Quiz Challenge is a timed quiz where the user races against the clock to answer the coding related questions. If the user answers the question correctly they will receive 5 extra seconds and 20 points, however, if they answer incorrectly they will receive a steep 10 second deduction from the remaining time and receive 0 points for the missed question. If the user answers all 5 questions correctly they will receive a perfect 100 point score. 

## Functionality 

The quiz utilizes JavaScript to create a dynamic experience. When the user presses the start button they remain on the page, the question is presented and the timer begins to countdown. As the user hoves over the different answer choices the choice under their cursor is highlighted and whenever the user selects an answer the next question is immediately presented. The HTML is also dynamically updated to reflect whether the answer was correct or incorrect and how much time will be added to or subtracted from the clock. When the user has attempted to answer all 5 questions or the timer hits 0 the user reaches the game over screen where they are given their score and able to enter their initials. When they enter their initials and click submit, they are redirected to the score page displaying this information. Here they can use the hyperlink to redirect back to the quiz or use the clear button to clear the score. Doing so clears the local storage and automatically refreshes the page so that this change is reflected. 

## Deployment

 [Click for deployed application](https://will-neal.github.io/Wills-Coding-Quiz/)

## Screenshots

![Password Generator Landing Page](https://github.com/Will-Neal/Wills-Coding-Quiz/blob/main/assets/images/landingPage.jpg?raw=true)

![Password Generator Landing Page](https://github.com/Will-Neal/Wills-Coding-Quiz/blob/main/assets/images/question.jpg?raw=true)

![Password Generator Landing Page](https://github.com/Will-Neal/Wills-Coding-Quiz/blob/main/assets/images/GameOver.jpg?raw=true)

![Password Generator Landing Page](https://github.com/Will-Neal/Wills-Coding-Quiz/blob/main/assets/images/PlayerScore.jpg?raw=true)

Commit message:

Minor changes to images and README to reflect the ability to store multiple scores

README.md, after:

# Will's Coding Quiz Challenge

## Description

Will's Coding Quiz Challenge is a timed quiz where the user races against the clock to answer the coding related questions. If the user answers the question correctly they will receive 5 extra seconds and 20 points, however, if they answer incorrectly they will receive a steep 10 second deduction from the remaining time and receive 0 points for the missed question. If the user answers all 5 questions correctly they will receive a perfect 100 point score. 

## Functionality 

The quiz utilizes JavaScript to create a dynamic experience. When the user presses the start button they remain on the page, the question is presented and the timer begins to countdown. As the user hoves over the different answer choices the choice under their cursor is highlighted and whenever the user selects an answer the next question is immediately presented. The HTML is also dynamically updated to reflect whether the answer was correct or incorrect and how much time will be added to or subtracted from the clock. When the user has attempted to answer all 5 questions or the timer hits 0 the user reaches the game over screen where they are given their score and able to enter their initials. When they enter their initials and click submit, they are redirected to the score page displaying this information. Multiple scores can be saved at a time and can be cleared at the click of a button. There is also a hyperlink so that the user can navigate back to the home page.

## Deployment

 [Click for deployed application](https://will-neal.github.io/Wills-Coding-Quiz/)

## Screenshots

![Password Generator Landing Page](https://github.com/Will-Neal/Wills-Coding-Quiz/blob/main/assets/images/landingPage.jpg?raw=true)

![Password Generator Landing Page](https://github.com/Will-Neal/Wills-Coding-Quiz/blob/main/assets/images/question.jpg?raw=true)

![Password Generator Landing Page](https://github.com/Will-Neal/Wills-Coding-Quiz/blob/main/assets/images/GameOver.jpg?raw=true)

![Password Generator Landing Page](https://github.com/Will-Neal/Wills-Coding-Quiz/blob/main/assets/images/PlayerScore.jpg?raw=true)
